- [Nana] I realized the way she
talked was
like the way she sang.
Her rhythm wasn't much different
than that annoying thing Takumi
does,
when he stretches out the
last word in his monologues.
They sounded the same.
Just like how I started to sound
like Ren,
before I even knew it.
(piano melody)
- You liar.
(giggling)
- [Nana] Are those two
getting it on?
Considering how much Takumi gets
around,
I wouldn't be surprised if
stuff was going on between them.
But if he's messing around with
Reira,
while Hachi waits at home,
cooking,
that's just messed up.
Damn.
I feel that scab on my
heart peeling off again.
I thought those miserable
days were over,
when I think of nothing
but Hachi 24-7,
but it all rushes back to me,
whenever I see Takumi's
smug, arrogant face.
I was such a wimp.
I just gave up.
Right when Hachi was feeling
the most helpless in her life,
I made things worse for her.
- [Female Interviewer] The
interview
will last about three minutes.
Please start by introducing
yourself,
and the other band members.
- Okay.
- After that, we'll ask a few
things
about your future plans.
All those questions are the same
as what we went over with you
earlier.
- Yeah, thank you.
I think I got it.
- Hey, could you do me a favor,
and ask her what
she thinks of me?
I'd really like
to know the truth.
(grunting)
- Yes!
We'd definitely like to
discuss that with you.
- What the hell, you're
harmonizing?
(laughing)
- Nana, you can't talk
back to the VJs like that.
And when you're on the air,
please don't say too much,
you know, just be cool.
- Whatever. It's not my fault,
Ren said something stupid.
- Aren't you gonna
eat something Nobu?
- I don't know how you can
eat right before the show.
- Oh, are you nervous Nobu?
That's so cute.
- Leave me alone.
- [Nana] I was nervous too.
Anybody would be,
if it was their first
time on a TV show
with a live audience.
- [Cameraman] Okay, people
30 seconds until the open.
- [Nana] I couldn't stop
thinking
about all those people
sitting at home, watching me.
It was scary.
- [Cameraman] 20 seconds.
- [Nana] So I closed my eyes,
and imagined her.
Hachi, watching over me,
in her room,
before it was empty.
- [Cameraman] 10 seconds.
Eight, seven.
- [Nana] It was my own little
trick to get rid of my anxiety
but she must have thrown that
old TV out a long time ago.
- Coming up next is Music
Studio, and it's live.
- That was her,
she looked right into the
camera and totally smiled at me.
Did you see her Jun? Did you?
- Well, I wouldn't exactly say
she was smiling at you
specifically...
And you're totally
blocking the TV.
- Oh.
- Have you forgotten that your
own husband
is on this show too?
- I don't care about Takumi.
I see him all the time.
Sometimes too much of him.
- So you're already sick of him.
- It's not that it's just,
he's such a different person
when he is on these
sorts of shows.
It's kind of embarrassing,
'cause I feel like I don't
even know him.
- First you were a big
fan of that rock star persona,
and now you talk about
him like he's family.
- Well, yeah, obviously.
I mean after all Takumi
is the closest person I
have in my life right now.
- In a similar way, Blast has
been like your family too.
But you still get all crazy,
and start screaming like
a die hard fan,
whenever you see the guru.
It's so annoying.
- That's 'cause I can only
watch Nana from a distance.
There's nothing I can
do but worry about her,
and cheer her on.
I guess that's a lot
like being a fan,
but it really makes me sad.
- Well, I'm sure she's
been pretty busy lately.
So I doubt she has the time
to be looking after you.
- I know, but I don't
need her to look after me.
I'm just sad 'cause she
doesn't have to depend on me.
- [Nana] The countdown started.
We're about to go live.
I gotta act cool and calm,
to let Hachi know she
doesn't need to worry.
- Good evening, I'm your host,
Chie Takahashi.
- And I'm Tsuyoshi Morishita.
- Hey see that host
with big tits?
She's having an affair
with the other guy.
Her boobs have got
to be implants.
- [Chie] For the first
time ever,
these two superstar
bands...
- Are you watching it in here?
You have a TV in your
room, don't you?
- Yeah, but I wanna see
Blast on the big screen,
and Nobu.
(sighs)
- [Tsuyoshi] For the first
time ever on Music Studio,
The Black Stones.
- Yeah. Nobu, play for me!
- Is that him?
- Nobu's like the coolest
guy ever.
- Really? Isn't he
just the normal one in the band?
- Usually the guys I see
are all tough and macho,
so a guy who's pure and
wholesome like Nobu,
can really turn me on.
- Don't pervert him into another
one of your bad boys, okay.
- Well look who's talking?
You've done it with him.
How was he?
- I haven't done
anything with him.
- But you two are always
hanging around together,
like you're really close.
- It's not what you think it is.
I bet you didn't know
he's only 20.
- Huh?
- He's way too young for me.
He's still just a kid.
- So, he's only two years
younger than me.
I thought he was much
younger than that.
This could work.
- [Nana] Once the show started,
Ren went all cool and mature.
- [Male Interviewer] Word has
it,
that you guys are getting ready
to release your first single?
- Pretty much.
- [Male Interviewer] And
when will it be on sale?
- [Nana] Of course he can cut
me off saying anything stupid.
He can switch so easily into
the role of Trapnest Ren.
It's better than if he acted
like a clown,
but it's still weird
and robotic.
- All right, it's time to hear
some music.
- First up, The Black Stones.
(squealing)
- [Nana] I wanna smash
it to pieces.
Anything.
Everything.
Trapnest's fake expressions.
The VJs painted on smiles.
The diplomatic questions
prepared ahead of time.
It's like we're monkeys
dancing for the crowd.
What a lame ass show.
But, I'm a part of it.
I'm getting paid
to play the part
of a media creation
known as Nana from Blast.
I guess in this world
you can't do what you want,
and expect to get paid for it.
My life has always
been a B movie.
- Go ahead, make whatever you
want out of my sordid past,
spread all sorts of rumors.
But...
I have to write my own script.
It's up to me to give it a
bright future.
I'm no longer that helpless
girl, who was left behind.
(melancholic music)
- Marry me.
- [Nana] We never talked
about a formal thing
like marriage before.
It wasn't even an issue.
But if we wanna keep playing our
parts,
and be together,
that is one way to do it.
Proposing to me was Ren's way
of trying to be responsible.
We'll make an announcement
to the public.
We really love each other,
and we're getting
married to prove it.
Some of the die hard fans
will freak out and get mad,
but most people will accept it
as a love story with
a happy ending.
Everything has turned into
a show now, hasn't it?
But I'm alright with that.
The truth is, I couldn't
live another day
without being able to see Ren.
- And now it's time to introduce
tonight's final guests.
- It's been a while since
their last appearance,
but here they are.
Trapnest.
- Yeah, Takumi.
- Your new song, Shadow of Love,
delves into the theme
of trust between lovers,
is that right?
- [Reira] Yes.
- I'm fortunate enough to
have already heard this song.
How do you consistently come
up with such heartfelt lyrics?
- Heartfelt? I mean
Trapnest's music is good,
but the lyrics are
pretty contrived.
- When I first listen
to the music,
all kinds of images just
pop into my head,
and then the words start
pouring out, one after another.
It's almost as if the
songs write themselves.
- [Chie] That's amazing.
- I can't do it.
- [Tsuyoshi] When we come back,
we'll hear Shadow of Love.
- What's up with that?
Takumi didn't even get to talk.
I wanted to see him get
all high and mighty,
that's too bad.
- [Nana] Up till then, I was
so blown away by Reira's voice,
I never really paid
attention to her lyrics,
but after she explained
how she wrote them
with some kind of divine
intervention,
I decided to really listen.
But it was just another
song about an affair.
My suspicion of Takumi and Reira
grew stronger and stronger.
After the broadcast I grabbed
Ren, and interrogated him.
- No way. It just isn't
possible.
- What do you mean? How can you
be sure?
- Don't know. But Takumi
told me nothing's going on,
and he's one of those guys
who stands by his word.
- You expect me to believe what
he said?
- There's nothing to
worry about.
I've gotta get changed
and head out now.
So if you want to talk about
this more,
let's cover it next time.
- And when will next time be?
- Who knows?
- But before you were all
about wanting to get married?
- Then, you'll marry me?
- I'll have to discuss
it with the agency first.
You can't just do whatever
you want either, can you.
- [Nana] Why is it
that we need to get
someone else's consent,
and a piece of paper to love
each other?
This world can be such
a pain in the ass.
- They had the two hottest
bands,
that everyone's been gossiping
about in the same room,
but they didn't bring it
up once.
That was boring.
It's not like it was one of
those tabloid talk shows.
I wonder if Blast's gonna be
coming back later tonight?
Well, of course I really mean
Nobu.
- He did say that this show
was all they had today.
- Really? When they get back,
we should totally invite
them to play Mahjong.
- Mahjong?
- I guess they're all
complete Mahjong freaks.
I read it in a
magazine interview.
- I love Mahjong.
- Hmm. That'd be fun,
but it's obvious what
you're after.
- Well, I'm not gonna take
a backseat,
to some closet pervert who
secretly videotapes everything.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- [Nana] They'll say no for
sure.
It's easy to say I'll go
and talk to the agency,
but the president is scary.
And there's no way I can
convince, Ginpei either.
- Nana, we've got our
advance from Gaia today.
Get a cell phone.
That way you can text message
Ren every once in a while.
- [Nana] But if I talk
this over with Yasu,
I know he'll help me out.
I can do anything with Yasu
by my side.
- Seriously, Nana, you
need a cell phone for work,
so get one.
Why are you so against them
anyway?
- What's the big deal.
I'm sure it'll be harder
for Ren to wait for messages
that only come sporadically.
When you own a cell phone,
you just get whipped around.
(gasping)
- Whipped by who?
Hachi, or that girl next door?
You're the social one,
so you better not start
hating cell phones too.
I won't bug you anymore.
Please just find someone
to be happy with, soon.
- [Hachi] Nana looked
kind of depressed to me.
- Really? I thought she
looked like she was relaxed.
- Yeah, but whenever she wasn't
talking,
she looked out of it.
- Whoa, you really are
observant.
I was more concerned for Nobu.
He didn't even smile once
during the whole show,
but who could blame him?
I mean, he was stuck
on a show with Takumi.
- I got a text message
from Nobu the other day.
- What? You did?
- He wanted to get together
and talk to me one last time.
I broke up with him without
even telling him why I did it.
But I didn't know
what to say to him,
and that was a whole month ago,
it'd just be weird if
I replied to him now.
- You mean you never explained
the whole situation to him?
I should have figured as much,
but it's probably best you
didn't reply.
It'd be worse if you were
subconsciously leading him on.
But after ignoring him
for this long,
he'd have to give up
and move on.
- But the truth is, Jun,
even now my heart aches,
whenever I think about Shoji.
- Hold on,
why did you suddenly change
the subject to Shoji?
- Because, now that I think back
to when he started seeing
that other girl,
and what made him cheat
on me in the first place,
I just wish I knew why things
ended the way they did.
- What difference does it
make now?
- It's not like I want
anything from him.
It's just that,
because I still don't
know what really happened.
All those happy times
I spent with him,
have become nothing but
painful memories.
I don't know what's real,
and what's a lie anymore.
I can't just take away
the pain I feel
from being betrayed by
someone I really trusted.
I'm worried that maybe Nobu
is carrying sad feelings
around with him too,
just like me.
Even if he has already moved on
and found another girlfriend.
And I'm sure now that both
their bands are doing well,
he'll probably be running
into Takumi a lot.
If I could just meet up with
him,
I could tell him that
I really did love him.
Even though I chose Takumi in
the end.
At least then our relationship
might have some sense
of closure to it.
And there wouldn't be
any more bad feelings.
But maybe that would
only make me feel better?
Maybe I'd only be hurting
him more?
What do you think
I should do, Jun?
- That's a complicated question,
if I've ever heard one.
- I told her to do what
she felt was right,
but I'm kind of worried.
- Come to think of it,
Shoji did wanna explain
things to her, remember?
Maybe we shouldn't have stopped
him?
- Yeah, maybe.
I know that everyone's
different,
and there aren't really any
right answers.
I just tend to go off about
things like I know everything.
I'm partly responsible for this
mess, and that really sucks.
From now on, I'll never
give another piece of advice
to anyone about their
relationships.
I don't wanna turn into
some nosy old lady.
- Well, you already have
been acting like an old lady.
- Maybe 'cause I've been hanging
around
with an old man too much.
- Hey Kyosuke and Junko, you're
here!
- That makes it sound like
they're a superhero couple.
- Well well, speak of the devil.
- Were you two talking smack
again?
- I hardly ever see you
hanging out here Sachiko.
- True. But I just got paid,
so I figured why not treat
myself to a night out.
- Shoji?
How dare you go around blowing
money
when Sachiko has a penny pinch
to get by,
and you changed your
hair again, fancy pants.
How much did that cost?
- Actually, I'm the one who
took him to the stylist.
I'm sorry.
- You shouldn't listen
to what that nosy old lady has
to say.
- [Shoji] So anyway,
did you guys hear they're
having the fireworks festival
by the river tomorrow night?
- What? Fireworks, at this time
of year?
- Remember how they were
canceled
'cause of that huge typhoon
we had earlier in the summer?
- Yeah.
- Well, a lot of people must
have complained about that,
so they decided to have it now.
- Hm.
- The fireworks start at 6:15
sharp.
If you're free, what do you
say the four of us go together?
- Oh, sorry, I have to work.
- So do I.
- Cool. Then we'll actually
be able to enjoy ourselves.
- But I'm sure Nana's free.
She might wanna go.
- Ugh!
Don't tell her.
What if we accidentally bump
into her?
- Oh yeah, so what if you do?
You're both adults,
who deal with it.
(keypad beeping)
Non. Jun Chan Ryan Pei Kou.
- No way, how come
you're so good, Miu?
It's not fair.
- I don't know.
Maybe 'cause I played a
mysterious invincible woman
in a Mahjong movie the
other day.
- Oh, so you do stuff like that
to get into the various roles
you play.
That is so cool.
- Yeah, well in my next video,
I star as the nurse in an
all boys boarding school.
Wanna help me rehearse now, boo?
- School nurse?
- This sucks.
- Hey, don't leave the table
just 'cause you're not winning.
What are you, a baby?
- Yeah. Yeah, whatever.
You must avenge me, Yasu.
- Aren't you gonna play, Nana?
- Maybe a little later.
- Does Yasu always sleep
in that little crop top?
- I'm at a good part right now
- Or does he starch it himself?
- I'm not sure what Nobu's
thinking,
but Yuri's practically
stripping naked,
and jumping on top of
him right now.
Gotta stay out of it.
Just keep to myself.
(gasps)
- Hey, Nobu, do you
have a girlfriend?
- No, I had one, but she
dumped me.
- Oh then you must be
pretty lonely.
- Yes.
- Well I'd sure like
to comfort you.
- Ugh.
- You know Yuri,
I'm pretty lonely too.
- What the hell are
you saying, baldy?
- Hey, I was just kidding.
- How about at threesome?
- No way.
- Hold on, Nobuo, why are
you talking like Hachi?
Uh-oh, this is bad.
Yuti is starting to look
more and more like Hachi,
even their hairstyles are kind
of similar.
- Hey Yasu do you know what
our schedule is tomorrow?
- Ginpei told us on
our way back, remember?
- In the morning we've
got an interview for TV.
In the afternoon, there's a
photoshoot for some new posters.
At six, we have a magazine
interview,
and then at 10 we're on
a live radio show.
- That's a rough schedule.
Maybe we should let you
guys go and get some sleep.
- No, I will not let you
run off with all the glory.
I must avenge Shin.
- That's big talk from a
man who is about to lose.
- Do you think it'd be possible
to cancel the interview at six?
- What the hell's
wrong with you?
- I mean, can we reschedule
it to another day?
- No.
- But Hachi just invited us
all to the fireworks festival.
- Huh?
- Hachi? Who's that?
(piano melody)
- Nobu!
You'll go right?
I mean, well all go.
- Nana, please, calm down.
- You can't. You've got work,
right?
- It's a magazine interview.
I'm sure they'll reschedule
if you ask them to.
- But they can't go
out all together.
Everyone will recognize them.
They'll stick out.
- That's not a problem.
All they have to do is
wear disguises.
- Shin, text her back right now.
- Text what?
- Meet us at six, in room 707.
It's been almost two months
since I've been there.
There won't be any
paparazzi hanging around.
(phone ringtone)
(crying)
- [Nana] It's not a dream Hachi.
We can laugh and be
together, just like before.
We can start over.
Please let me start over.
Let's go back to that summer
day,
and rewrite a bright and
happy ending to our story.
(keyboard clacking)
- Oh, hey Takumi.
- Huh?
- There's something I've been
meaning to talk to you about.
- Yeah. What's that?
- Nana and I wanna-
- Damn it! Piece of crap!
It crashed again.
I'm dead tired.
- Something's coming outta you.
- What do you want to talk
about?
And does it have to be now?
Actually I think right
now is not a good time.
Oh, but I do have one
quick question for you.
- Which is?
- What kind of ring did you get
Hachiko,
and where can I buy one?
- [Nana] Hey Hachi, we have
such different styles and taste,
who in their wildest dreams
would've imagined that one day
we'd both be wearing
the same symbol of love,
at the same time?
I know you're fickle, and crave
new things
but I hope you still
treasure it, even now.
That generic looking ring
from a high end jewelry store.